yo everyone gets excited this reptile is
is found for a new video so
the video of the first spawn of asia there
she's incubating
so I'm going to show you a little bit how
I'm ready as angers reap
the eggs after I show you three
other stuff so my incubator there
then turn for boxes I use
always the same box noting the date
here so here I did tests at he
do tests with sphagnum that
it's cowardly week and that's
my sphagnum therefore found his guard
really good humility better than the
perlite thereafter I'll see if
I will try and try to
put a spawn in sphagnum
because perlite even though it is
hermetically sealed
finally it loses moisture I blow
am obliged to reunify sometimes the
Incubation box where ofs located
so asia did not do 2nd she did
that one so I do not know legal about
so much because she gets a little
old at last a little old I do not know
too she 's five six no less finally
short
either that's it like that all
first slopes
it seems to me that the last effect
that an egg also for its very first
happy but I'm not really sure where
so down she was missing a little bit of
vitamins or calcium while l at the
cupel they cut them off from a
terrarium so they use themselves when
they want and are not very long I
gave them all that is vitamins
too much vitamin and so that's it I'm going to you
show the egg
so here is my incubator lice he is
like that so always with the bins
of water here I put an end to the mathes
exoterres in the way of
here so 33 30 points to 3 degrees and he
is here so 12 03 have 12 march
so there the box is good but not this
that I 'm going to change at a short time and
I will show a small photo of
the egg to show that it is very fertile
and so we can see the right fetus
bottom of the egg
finally really it is a little hidden by
a permit matter it is a little
so down the egg
you see that's a red circle and
now i'm going to show you the video
how did I take to harvest
their
I
the state
so after there will be other small
videos especially on the breeding of grieg
so have there I put the heating cable
I have several spells
so we have a tip with babies
ag I have three points in all so we
will see what it gives and after well
sure asia has laid her must be him
to eat is really worth a little
gav and if i can say that so with
calcium vitamins and what is good
I bought mario worms so
here it was a little history video
to show the first fault of asia
books of other videos on this the
second to mount et cetera and also on
the sun bricks so be here
not to the laity and my facebook page to me
follow on twitter to subscribe to the
chain
to follow all my other videos
whose everything is in the bar
information and thanks for this video and
did not want subscriber you're going ciao